ladies and gentlemen boys and girls of
the nearby nation in this video I'm
going to go over where to go for the
whitelist application what a donator
status gets you what the server looks
like a few think use it a couple of
other things so hold on to your britches
because here we go while I'm explaining
how to get whitelisted you'll see
different pictures from the server as it
is right now but basically you want to
go down in the description below you
want to go ahead and click the button
for the white list page open it up go
through it there's nine questions 100
word question or 100 words or less
should I say and then your minecraft
username there is no email included for
you guys and the reason why that is just
security the way that we're going to get
ahold of you is there's going to be a
page on the forum that will list
everyone that's been white listed so
it's kind of like you know you go to
school and you apply for something and
then they post on the board okay well
you've been wait-listed or you've been
included in this thing well that's how
we're going to do it so you can just
check there plus when the IP actually
gets released you'll be able to check
that to see if you were white listed or
not so yeah go down there 10 questions
actually nine questions 100 word or less
question just to want to basically you
can see it yourself it's it's not very
complicated and if you know anything
about me you should be able to answer
all those questions just fine i'm not
going to tell me you how many you have
to get right but you'll just see and
you'll get to know if you were white
listed or not so let's move on to the
donator status how's that alright so the
donator status the people have donated
this is what you're actually going to
get in the game when you jump in first
you need to make sure that you have sent
me your minecraft name if you've already
donated so that way I can get that in
the system and get admins and my knobs
to actually give you the don't understad
asst second you'll get your first free
diamond pick so you'll get a pic given
to you right when you start the game
home command you will be able to use the
home command but it is on a 30 minute
cooldown so you can't just like say
you're trapped by lava and to get out
you just slash home and you just did
that five minutes ago you cannot do that
so that's actually a nerf to make sure
that you don't just keep pouring
everywhere you want to go to back home
nick name change you will be able to
change your nickname which is awesome a
lot of people love that feature and the
best feature of all that will get you an
awesome
oh I love this feature donators will
supersede the player cap so say we set
the player cap to 200 if you are
donating it will actually go to 201
people if you get on the server or 202
people so you will supersede what the
player cap is that way you can still get
on so it that way you feel like if you
donated you didn't get shafted because
there's too many people on the server so
that's awesome way to actually keep your
residence on the server whenever you
want there will be a five dollar minimum
for this status before anyone who paid
anything I'm any amount of money worked
but now it will be five dollars minimum
just to keep it keep the server funded
basically and five dollars isn't much to
ask for what an awesome service is going
to be so and you don't even have to pay
it to get on the server so that's an
awesome thing to begin with as well so
basically this is how the donator status
is going to work let me know what you
guys think down below and let's get on
to another slide shall we last and not
least certainly not least I want to
thank all of the FTB crew that have been
involved in all of the work that has
been done on the server from throwing a
block of dirt down placing stone doing
in figs doing portal set up everything
that has been involved every person that
has been involved I want to thank you
guys from the bottom of my heart it's
been awesome the last two days have been
Oh best best thing that's ever happened
to the nearby nation matta base I want
to thank you for all the setup you've
done from actually starting the server
up putting all the mods on there making
sure all the IDS work setting up corrupt
seeds and fixing corrupt seeds ibron I
want to thank you for all the configs
that you've done I know you spent
countless hours messing with and then
having to redo the config so thank you
very much for all of that creep rose for
giving us a great server hosting company
beyond probably the best hardware i've
ever seen for a server on that I've ever
been on and to all the donators for
everyone that has actually donated a
penny to five dollars to twenty dollars
to fifty dollars to one hundred dollars
every single person that has donated do
you have made this server possible so
thank you very much without you guys the
nearby nation well it wouldn't be a
nation so again thank you very much and
we hope to see all of you guys later on
today since it is today for an awesome
server opening
and more information is coming for that
as well so check my channel out make
sure you know exactly what's happening
we will be live streaming the opening of
the server so that's going to be great
that's going to be awesome i would love
to see how far we could push it so if
you want to get whitelisted don't forget
go down below click the button get
whitelisted see if you're approved make
sure to check when the server IP is
released if you got whitelisted because
we're not sure if we can get everything
working all at once so if you don't see
your name on the forums which should be
listed below then just check that's all
you can do just check all right I'm out
guys and again thank you nearby nation